I wanted to move to DUBAI to join my fiance and I wanted to find a good joB.
i prepared a vision board with everything I was looking for in my new JOB. It needed to be a maximum of
20 minutes commute from my home. I wanted to be good at my jOb and to be able to take leave whenever I needed to.
I also envisioned a very specific figure for the Salary.
After our WEDDING, I moved to UAE to join my husband. In the initial 3 months I only got a single
interview and the salarY was no where close to my envisioned salary. I didn’t get that job.
I was most disappointed but I kept my faith that I would get what I wanted.
I believe that you know your vibrating your wishes at the highest frequency when you find yourself dreaming of what you want at night.
I had a dream that I got my dream job with the dream salary one night. I woke up knowing I would get what I wanted.
In the fourth month I got a call from a company in dubai.
I went to the interview and I got offered a job there. I had not mentioned an expected SALARY during the interview because
by that point I was desperate to start working. The Salary I was offered was a lot less than my envisioned salary.
It was disappointing but I took it.
The rents in Dubai were too high for us to move there. So the daily commute to work was 2.5 hours each way.
I was still happy and grateful to have a GOOD job but the commute got very tiring. We finally heard of a community in Dubai that fit our budget,
but the waiting list for an apartment there was very long . PEOPLE were waiting more than a year for a place there. We envisioned ourselves
living there and we even went there and prayed once. In a few weeks time I happened to come across a classified ad in that
community where a landlord was subletting her apartment! I was ecstatic. I called her. She saw my last name and we immediately
bonded over the fact that we were both Catholics. She sublet her place to us! My commute was now 45 minutes by public transportation! I was over the moon.
Six months after from joining my job, I got called by the owners of the company. They told me how they liked my work and they
were giving me a hike. They handed me a envelope with a letter. I opened it and was shocked.
It was the for the exact same salary that I had first envisioned! I had never mentioned my expected salary to them or anyone at work for that matter.
The Universe brought it to me!
A couple of months later I got my car license and bought a car.
My commute to work was now 20 minutes!
The UNIVERSE was working to get me what I wanted.
My job is amazing. I get to leave when ever I need or want to. No questions asked.
My managers appreciate me and my work and consider me an asset to the company.
Then a few months later, we got a call from the community property management company and we were offered our own apartment in that community!
We no longer had to sublet an apartment. It was perfect. Everything worked out in its own time!
Thank you Jesus! Thank you Universe! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!